Are you still in love without charm? Don't let me go shopping.
Okay, okay, I'll make money from this in just one centimeter.
You despicable person, I knew you were having a charmless affair,
How infuriating.
Captain Zhao, you said he was a big shot,
Your God of Heaven and God of War are all in their house.
I have straight hair, can I speak?
I knew he was hiding his identity, a fan of Zhongya.
Familiar, how do you treat this woman?
What's wrong? I like Xi Laojun, you are a vegetarian.
I only like Xi Laojun, what’s wrong?
Why don't you hurry up and take care of it.
Okay, you are all at your home. Xiaoju
let's get married
I am willing to give myself to you so shy
Excuse me
you don't deserve me
I can't live a good life myself
When my new status of 380,000 is packed
You, but you have been gone for a long time. Please come on.
Have you bought your clothes?
I’ve bought everything all over my body.
I think it’s better to change it to another issue
I didn't change it with you, did I?
Add machine to wash rice